Updates servicing doc and servicing template (#41844)
dotnet/runtime: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/servicing_pull_request_template.md

Fixes Issue <!-- Issue Number -->

> Master PR <!-- PR Number if the fix has already been merged in master branch. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Master PR <!-- Link to PR if any that fixed this in the master branch. -->
```

# Description

<!-- Give a brief summary of the issue and how the pull request is fixing it. -->

# Customer Impact

> <!-- Describe the impact of the issue as well as the pull request. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- What is the impact to customers of not taking this fix? -->
```

# Regression

> <!-- Mention if its  a new bug or a regression. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Is this fixing a problem that was introduced in the most recent release, ie., fixing a regression? -->
```

# Testing

> <!-- What kiind of testing has been done with the fix. -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- What kind of testing has been done with the fix. -->
```

# Risk

> <!-- Risks associated with the change. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Please assess the risk of taking this fix. Provide details backing up your assessment. -->
```
